A lot can happen in a Wiki minute
like the 60 seconds
of everything that happens on
Wikimedia projects.
Or even the time it takes to answer:
What does the Wikimedia Foundation do?
You might know about Wikipedia,
the free encyclopedia anyone can edit
But you may not know that Wikipedia,
as well as 12 other open-source projects
dedicated to free knowledge
are hosted and operated by a nonproﬁt,
the Wikimedia Foundation.
The Wikimedia Foundation is made up
of people from around the world
who believe knowledge is a human right.
That’s why they work to make sure free,
veriﬁable knowledge is accessible to everyone.
Their work includes
improving and maintaining world-class technology
to support Wikimedia’s vast open-source infrastructure...
Providing support and funding to organizations
and people who make free knowledge possible...
They also provide legal
and advocacy efforts to protect people’s right
to free knowledge around the world!
And that’s what the Wikimedia Foundation does,
in only a minute.